website/docs: add mention of drop-down menu, update multiple Integration Guides (#22269)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/applications/manage_apps.mdx

1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.

2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **New Application** to open the application wizard.

> :::info

Reviewer: Can we add a title here

Author: Sure, if there were a good one. It isn't necessary to always have a title for a Note.. only when it actually helps and adds value. We can both think on it and if a good one appears, let's use it.

> :::info
> By default, if you click **New Application**, you are prompted to create the new application and a new provider. However, you can use the drop-down menu beside **New Application** to explicitly select either:
> 
>     - **with New Provider...** to create the application and configure a new provider at the same time.
>     - **with Existing Provider...** if you have already created a provider separately, and now you want to create the application and connect it to the provider.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info
Click **New Application** to create a new application and provider together.  
Or, use the drop-down next to **New Application** to choose:

- **with New Provider...** to create an application and a new provider.  
- **with Existing Provider...** to create an application and link it to an existing provider.

```

Not essential

Author: We do want to indent the two bullet points, this is standard for list items.

Reviewer 2: I made the suggestion in GitHub so it didn't apply the indents.

Author: No No I know you didn't apply them. I was just explaining that we want the indentation. What was your suggestion about? Maybe I am misreading the suggested change? It looked it was removing the indents...

Reviewer 2: I just rewrote the text to make it shorter.
